Implement Django admin log entries in admin. (#4646)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/platform-functionality/change-logging.md

# Change Logging

Nautobot utilizes two fundamental types of change categories to log change events: Administrative and Object-level.

## Administrative Changes

Administrative changes are those made under the "Admin" section of the user interface. This is the primary view for Users, Groups, Object Permissions, and other objects core to the administration of Nautobot. Any changes made to objects using this interface will be displayed as "Log entries" under the "Administration" section of the Admin list view. This is a read-only view that disallows manual creation, updating, or deletion of these objects.

These records are commonly referred to as "admin logs" for short and are provided by default by the Django web framework.  

> You may access these records by navigating to `/admin/` or by clicking your username in the top right, then "Admin".
> 
> Admin logs are exposed in the API via the read-only endpoint `/api/extras/admin-logs/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may access these records (if logged in as an admin/staff user) by navigating to `/admin/` or by clicking your username in the navigation bar, then "Admin".

Admin logs are also retrievable (by admin/staff users only) through the REST API via the read-only endpoint `/api/extras/admin-logs/`.
```
